hey man you wanna build some muscle
yeah good man
real fucking good man just fine right
down till done your twin my weak snap my
shit up hey man um
somebody said maybe some fucking
hypocrites man
yeah tell about the creatine crap here
is the best shit now y'all you're taking
this shit they've got no damn crap here
in fuck you man take it easy man it's
shit ain't that damn serious yeah it
ain't that serious
they say that Germans just the best read
but I'm trying other creatine does not
crea pure and it worked fine now let now
tooth beat old troll troll beef every
time I've tried a crimper band of
creatine I got great results I can't say
that about the other creatine that's not
a creep ear when it comes to just
creatine monohydrate go with the will
name brand company if you got getting a
fucking creatine monohydrate and it says
by the sunny corporation you never heard
them bitches and his man hey so chance
you got you just bought you bought 500
grams of fucking flour no else you just
bought you fucking 500 grams of fucking
pixie dust
Hey no I'm saying but you bought 500
grams of big but you know like I tried
to prolab creatine that used to be
career pure it's no longer creepier and
it works great and now we're trying what
ast yeah that my Khurana sighs shit and
she's right microcon aside man that shit
that's good shit it's not creepy right
oh yeah you know I'm saying when you
when it comes to Kriya period you pretty
much safe but when you buy our crew team
Brad it's not clear pure you make sure
it's a well known come yeah make sure it
doesn't save Charlie's fucking creatine
ain't
it's the only thing that actually gives
you bigger pumps integument makes you
look bigger like before we raised up
maintenance calories we came up to
maintenance counters right so we stopped
dropping weight yeah so and we brought
creatine back in the mix the first day
I'll start taking the AST mm-hmm just
not without a pump or anything now was
this think was the second on the third
day yeah I take Mike routine with two
scoops away right that hydrants Hydra
where she just separates until you
fucking buy pay like somebody loves for
this shit by dumb test but anyway that's
how I take it I'm gonna take a little
lot of sugars and I take a close workout
I gained out almost a half aches for my
arms yeah cuz this is just three miles
because he goes your muscles got more
glycogen on it hey man just taking a
creatine man that's the only ship it's
gonna give you pumps all this other shit
like what's that shit Ko Olina near
orange that shit you could throw that in
the damn same loop as bale Adaline man
that's it's some bullshit it's a gimmick
that's right I said it it's gonna do get
all pissed yeah but all fucking got
tight studies and research dollars
bullshitting I can't believe they just
said that many step beta Emily wasn't
giving no it's great say you its do
piggy what's what we talking about
talking about crate period versus oh
yeah it's damn fast man I think I gotta
eat me so I came here sometimes
you get all serious on the house you
still get all serious and shit
oh no I know y'all like my father to be
serious and time get all serious
it's all just advice bill
do over fuck you want to do its riches